Add oss-leaderboard (#8)
leapfrogtechnology/opensource: README.md

### [just-handlebars-helpers](https://github.com/leapfrogtechnology/just-handlebars-helpers)

A lightweight package with common Handlebars helpers.

### [Nepali-Date-Picker](https://github.com/leapfrogtechnology/Nepali-Date-Picker)

Nepali date picker JavaScript plugin.

### [oss-leaderboard](https://github.com/leapfrogtechnology/oss-leaderboard)

> OSS Leaderboard shows the top contributors based on their contribution activities on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSS Leaderboard shows the top contributors based on their recent opensource contributions.
```

Author: There's a feature to get contributions based on time range,  so "recent" might not be a feasible word here. 

So the sentence formation can be something like:

> OSS Leaderboard shows the top contributors based on their opensource contributions. 

@kabirbaidhya

Reviewer: OK.
